PHIL KEOGHAN: Previously
onThe Amazing Race...
11 teams began a race
around the world...
Go!
[cheering]
...in back-to-back legs
in London, England.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah, I'm fine.
KEOGHAN:
On the first leg,
two teams made
an instant bond...
Dusty and Ryan have been a good,
uh, you know, duo to stick with
for a little bit.
...that paid off for them both.
[whoops]
KEOGHAN: Singing cops
Michael and Moe created a mess.
Oh, my gosh, dude,
this is crazy.
We didn't look
at what we was doing.
KEOGHAN:
They couldn't
recover from their mistake.
You have been
eliminated from the race.
In the second leg,
newly dating Caro and Ray...
You got it?
...had a bumpy ride.
-You're so rude.
-I don't care.
KEOGHAN: While Ryan and Dusty
hit the mark.
[whoops]
KEOGHAN:
Twins Lulu and Lala
reached their breaking point...
-You're being stubborn.
You don't really want to...
-I'm not being stubborn.
You're not trying
to see my point.
You're right, I'm not.
Shame on me
for trying to be a good sister.
...but got a surprise
at the mat.
-So, here's the crazy thing.
-BOTH: Yeah?
You're actually still racing.
-What?!
I have another clue for you.
[both scream]
KEOGHAN: Ryan and Dusty
were the first to find out
that they are still racing
and will be traveling
north by train more than
400 miles, from England
to Scotland,
home to beautiful architecture
and the port city of Glasgow.
Teams will find their next clue
on the windscreen
of one of these cars.
DUSTY:
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey.
We made it to what we thought
was gonna be the Pit Stop
on the big red bus,
and Phil informed us
that we will be heading
to Glasgow, Scotland by train.
-PENN: Taxi!
-RAY: Taxi. Taxi, taxi.
CARO:
Taxi.
-Taxi, taxi. Okay.
-RAY: Taxi. All right.
-Thank you.
-CARO: Thank you so much.
PENN:
What the hell?
Taxi. We're trying to get
to Euston, uh, train station.
Yes? All right.
Thank you.
LALA: I wasn't happy
that I was gonna go home.
And so, now...
We have, uh, another chance.
The fact that we are
going to Scotland...
We're still in it.
[train whistle blares]
All right. Train time, baby.
Whoo!
Let's go.
PENN:
Hey, guys.
ARUN:
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Ooh, this is nice.
ARUN:
I wanted to do this with Natalia
because we've watched
Amazing Raceall our lives.
This is comfortable here.
She's my only daughter.
[chuckles softly]
She's getting married in June,
and this is the best thing
we could have done together.
SAM:
Oh, look at this.
[laughs]
[stammers] I shouldn't be
laughing. This is lovely.
It's a bed,
so I can't complain.
'Cause I'm gonna go to sleep.
It's a lot better than,
uh, you know,
-other trains we've been on.
-Yeah.
RAY:
"Find your next clue
on the windshield."
CARO:
Oh, that's a car.
RAY:
Meaning that we are driving.
Time to bring out
the stick skills.
I'm a little nervous 'cause
I never driven in my life.
So he's gonna do all the work.
So, hopefully, um,
you know, he's good at it.
Being in a new relationship,
you don't know much
about the person.
I've never seen him
in a stressful situation.
But, hey, that's what
we signed up for. [laughs]
This is, uh, tight quarters.
It's like the crew bunks...
on the plane.
[laughs] It is the crew bunks
It's fine.
Bye-bye.
You ain't got to go home,
but you got to get
the hell up out of here.
Yeah. Bye.
[chuckles]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
Okay.
Route Info, baby. Here we go.
KEOGHAN:
Teams must now drive themselves
across Scotland's largest city
to Glasgow's West End
and find Oran Mór,
where they'll pick up
their next clue.
Here we go.
It is manual transmission.
ARUN:
For the last 15 years,
I haven't driven
on the left-hand side
of the traffic,
so it'll be interesting.
-DUSTY: All right,
we'll follow you guys out.
-SPENCER: Okay, let's do that.
RYAN:
I'm very excited.
Ready to roll.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
[horn honking]
I'm stalling out.
I'm taking too long
to get off the clutch.
[engine straining]
Come on, Akbar.
Ugh. Stalled out again.
CARO:
It's okay.
I just learned to drive stick
shift right before I came here.
I rented a car for two weeks.
I felt pretty confident.
I was like, a, you know, elite.
I'll be fine. Give me a second.
[sighs]
[engine straining]
SHERI:
There you go, booby.
Let's do this.
RAQUEL:
Look at you, driving stick.
CAYLA [laughs]:
I'm only in one for now, so...
I know, but I'm proud of you.
This is gonna be tough, I think
for everybody, I'll be honest.
KIM:
Yeah. Okay, I don't know
what street we're on.
-M8 to Glasgow. Go straight.
-Straight?
-KIM: Yeah.
-Okay.
Got to figure out how
to get onto
whatever highway
we're getting on.
I'll try to look it up here.
I just want to stay safe.
RAY:
I know. We're fine. We're fine.
KIM:
In the next ten minutes-ish,
we would, in theory,
be getting close. Oh.
I see a clue box on the right.
That says Oran Mór.
That's it!
-Holy crap.
-How did you do that?
I don't know.
PENN:
Let's go.
-Oran Mór.
-Ready?
Looks like a Roadblock.
Yup, Roadblock.
-"Who thinks they have this one
in the bag?"
-That's me.
[bagpipes playing]
The undeniable sound
of the bagpipe.
It's ingrained
in the Scottish culture
and has been played here
for hundreds of years.
In this Roadblock, teams will
join a Scottish pipe band.
They must assemble a bagpipe
using a bag, bag cover, chanter,
mouthpiece, drone pipes
and reeds.
Once assembled,
they must play a note
for the length of a traditional
Scottish anthem.
The pipe major
will hand them a clue.
-Yes! Yes!
-[bagpipes playing]
-Right here, here, here, here.
-Oh...
"Who thinks they have this one
in the bag?"
You got to play... Somebody has
to play the pipes. You hear it?
-Yeah.
-What do you want to do?
You got it.
I wish I could help you, bud.
Hey, think about it. Slow
and methodical. You're good.
-Do it. Rock it.
-All right, I'll do it.
-♪
-KIM: First of all,
follow the directions.
Just found that out.
So I never have seen a bagpipe
in person
before, so, okay.
The pictures are confusing
because this is...
It looks very complicated.
I really don't know
what I'm doing.
Man, I'm building a bagpipe.
About to make some music.
DUSTY:
I had an assumption
that being here, we were going
to do something with bagpipes,
but building them
is a whole different animal.
I would say you want to put your
bag over it, dude, beforehand.
What do you mean?
'Cause it's gonna be hard
with all the arms on it.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So we're going
to take Junction 19.
-But you got to get
to the right, Dad.
-Okay. [mutters]
To M8. It's M8, right, Dad.
M8-- right! Right! Keep on...
-I did! I got it.
-No. All the way to the right.
-I can't go.
-Oh, you missed it.
You missed it.
I know. I can't go...
-Dad... you got to focus.
-I get it, but if you can...
NATALIA:
The whole time, I'm saying,
"Go to the right to M8,"
-and you're staying on the left.
-Oh.
-RAQUEL: This navigating...
-Driving in another country is
the hardest thing
I think I've ever done.
Okay, so M8-- I think where
all these cars are going.
I think our biggest strength
is the...
is trust between the two of us.
And we do have a-a lot
of respect for each other.
I think that's part
of the reason why we've been
so successful, especially
as a, you know, all-female team.
If a guy can do it,
we can do it.
Yeah, I got this. [laughs]
[laughing]
Okay.
-CONNIE: Go, baby.
-I am. I'm just trying
to get the thing
not to stall out.
-Do you want to switch driving?
-Absolutely not.
You know how hard this is?
It's first, second,
and third and fourth.
No, but the reverse is tough.
M8. It's right there.
-SAM: Stay straight?
-Stay straight.
"Drone reeds."
I hope this is right.
DUSTY: What do you think
about these drone reeds?
Dude, I'm trying to figure out
how to use... Okay.
This is nothing like I've done
in the Air Force.
I was a... a medic,
and I work in a pediatric clinic
and, uh, ambulance services,
so I've never had to, uh,
put together a set of bagpipes.
-Thank you.
-PENN: Yes!
-Now...
-Kim, there's no way
-I would have been able
to do that.
-Okay.
The first part of it was
to assemble this bagpipe,
but it had to make a sound.
So the trick was,
fill that whole thing up
with air, take a deep breath,
and then mash your arm on it.
Okay. Let's do this.
[band playing]
[Kim blowing notes]
You're doing great, honey!
Did I do it?
PENN:
Yes! Come on!
KIM:
Thank you so much.
-Well done.
-I'm about to cry.
Thank you. It was so hard.
Okay, can I, uh, have
some instructor approve?
-Come on, Spence-dog.
-Let's go, Spence.
Good to go, sir?
BOTH:
"Drive to the..."
"Walter Macfarlane Saracen
Fountain in Alexandra Park
to find your next clue."
-All right, let's go.
-Let's go.
[blowing notes]
Yeah, baby! [whoops]
Yeah, guys.
SPENCER:
I've had zero
musical experience.
Uh, I wish I did.
But I've always wanted
to play a set of bagpipes.
-Aah! Thank you.
-ANTHONY: Yeah! Let's go!
-Let's go!
-Thank you, sir.
-Yeah, you killed that.
That was good.
-Thank you.
This-this seems
like we are not headed
in the right direction again.
ISAIAH: Yeah, 'cause
I don't see any signs.
It doesn't seem like
we're on any type of highway.
[horn blaring]
Sorry, y'all.
This is like a new driver's
worst nightmare,
-to be in stop-and-go traffic.
-[horns blaring]
SHERI:
Give it more gas.
Come on, Ak. We got to go.
We got to go.
Got to go.
Oh, my God. This right here is
like my worst ... nightmare.
CARO: I think we're off the map.
Once we're in George Street,
then I think
I can see where we are.
[horn honking]
[engine straining]
[Caro muttering]
-[horns blaring]
-Oh.
-[grinding]
-[Caro whimpering]
-[horn honking]
-Next time,
you get your license.
We came on the race,
you knowing exactly that
-I didn't have a license
or a thing.
-Okay, I understand that.
I understand that, so...
You're not helping at all,
but you're stressing me more out
than I already am.
[groans] Took forever.
You're not helping at all,
but you're stressing me
more out than I already am.
-Babe, I'm sorry for crying.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-I was like, "Please, dude."
-No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
All right, all right,
please get off me.
-Like, chill. Relax. Relax.
-No. Like, just...
I got you. Relax.
Like, I got you.
-I'm just trying to hug you
to calm us down.
-Okay. It's okay.
I'm good. Fine.
You know, Caro throwing
the negative vibes on me
and the crying
and saying we lost--
you know, I'm more
of a positive vibe type of guy.
That might make me angry
because you're kind of throwing,
you know,
the shade on what we got.
Oran Mór. That's it.
Let's go.
Oh.
"Who thinks they have this
in the bag?"
-You do it. I did it last time.
-Okay.
You do it.
We'll-we'll switch off.
We're looking for the Macfarlane
Saracen Fountain.
Alexandra Park.
Alexandra Park. This is it.
I got to turn left. Here we go.
Let's go, baby. Let's run.
-Here it is.
-PENN: Yes.
Ready?
BOTH:
"Detour."
The Panopticon Theatre first
opened its doors here in Glasgow
in 1857.
This detour requires teams
to put on a show of their own.
Wearing full highland dress,
they must sing and perform
a famous song called...
"Donald Where's Your Troosers?"
[accordion playing]
♪ Let the wind blow high,
let the wind blow low♪
♪ Through the streets,
in my kilt I'll go♪
♪ All the lassies shout hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
When their performance
is note-perfect,
a young Scotsman
will give them a clue.
♪
Cooperage is the artful skill
of barrel-making
that's been around
for hundreds of years.
This specialized skill is
still practiced here
at Fishers Cooperage,
where whiskey barrels
are repaired by hand.
In this detour,
teams must work as coopers
by putting a head like this
onto a barrel.
First, they'll need
to remove the top two hoops,
then hammer the head
into the croze to seal it.
Finally, they'll replace the top
with a hoop driver.
When the master cooper says that
their barrels are ready to roll,
he'll hand them a clue.
Yeah. "Perform
a children's song." Done!
We see "song and dance,"
I'm like, "Boom."
-Yeah.
-This is our jam.
Penn and I make goofy
family videos for a living.
Like, we're... we've got this.
There's somebody over there.
Let's go. Let's go this way.
There's the clue box.
You got... There you go.
-"Kilt or Rebuilt."
-Whiskey barrels.
-Rebuilt? Rebuilt.
-Rebuilt.
I think, though, the barrel
was a, uh, no-brainer for me.
We decided early on, you know,
if it's physical,
we're doing it.
We don't want to be doing
no choreographed dances, guys.
Concentrate, Lala.
-"Who thinks they have this one
in the bag?"
-I do.
♪
"Who thinks they have this one
in the bag?" I'm gonna do this.
Can you check?
RAQUEL:
I'm just trying to figure out
how these pieces...
-No.
-No?
It turns out
those little three things
needed to go attached
to some of the pipe
so that it could hold
the pipe bag together.
"Who thinks they have this one
in the bag?"
-Me.
-All right.
-PENN: Ready?
-I don't know where it is.
-Honey?
-Yeah.
-Right here.
-Oh, here? Yeah.
-Oh, here.
-Yes.
-Hello, sirs.
-[laughing]: Yeah.
[playing
"Donald Where's Your Troosers?"]
♪ I've just come down
from the Isle of Skye♪
♪ I'm not very big
and I'm awful shy♪
♪ And the lassies shout
when I go by♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪
KIM:
Oh, wow. Look at this.
Look at this!
I am wearing my first ever kilt.
I feel all pretty.
Little drafty, uh,
back here, honey.
Welcome to my world.
This is a Scottish song.
It's fun, it's full of life.
It's-it's about a kilt.
I get to say "troosers."
♪ I've just got in
from the Isle of Skye♪
♪ I'm not very big
and I'm awfully shy♪
♪ The ladies shout
as I go by♪
-♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
-Okay.
WOMAN:
♪ Let the wind blow high♪
ALL:
♪ Let the winds blow low♪
♪ Down the streets,
in my kilt I'll go♪
♪ All the lassies say hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
Three times.
♪ Let the winds blow♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪ Donald, where's
your troosers?♪
-I mean...
-Excellent.
-Okay. Yeah, okay, we're good.
Would you like
to do the dance now?
-KIM: Please.
-PENN: Yes.
Just turn left.
ANTHONY: Yeah, barrels,
barrels, barrels on the left.
-Do you see that?
-Right here. Right here.
Right here.
-That it?
-Yes.
We're here, baby.
Fishers Cooperage.
-Crushed it.
-Detour time.
DUSTY:
We're about
to put together a barrel,
it looks like.
RYAN:
"Choose two barrels."
-Feeling good about this one.
-Yeah, buddy.
-Got gloves?
-Let's get our barrels
and watch the demonstration.
You good? These two?
Let's do it.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
SPENCER:
For this detour, we had to
refurbish whiskey barrels,
taking the metal frame off of it
and then breaking the top
of the barrel.
-Smells good in here. I like it.
-Smells so good.
Straight whiskey.
SPENCER:
And then taking the top of the
barrel again and hammering it
back together.
Dude's a champion.
And then placing
the rings back on.
She's a beaut.
DUSTY:
I can do this, dude. I got this.
Let's just do one at a time.
Hey, you-you hold it
and let me pound.
All right.
Go, Nat!
[bagpipes playing]
[Natalia playing note]
-Great job, Nat!
-[whooping]
Great job.
Natalia, great job.
Can you please show me?
-Yeah, yeah.
-Thank you.
You know, I thought good karma,
we're going to help him out.
Do you take this plastic thing
off or no?
-No. Dude, just put it in.
-Just slide it in there.
-No problem.
-How do you slide it in?
I don't understand.
Oh. You have it the wrong way,
guys.
The tall parts go the other way.
Natalia!
You guys have 'em switched.
You got to switch 'em.
Switch the two.
Switch the two pieces. You good?
-Yeah?
-All right, Lala, you got this.
Come on, let's go.
[bagpipes playing,
Lala blowing note]
[all three blowing notes]
[whooping]
Yes! Yes! Yeah.
-Okay, there you go.
-Thank you so much.
-Best of luck
-for the rest of your...
-Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-Good luck
-on the rest of your trip.
-Thank you so much.
Hello. We are...
we are in a race.
Can you give us some directions,
please?
We need to go to Walter
"Macflarane," Alexandra Park.
Wow. That...
-That's okay. Don't worry.
-Do you think it was okay
-that I helped the other team?
-Yeah, yeah.
-Where's our car at?
-Right up here.
We just saw the two teams
walk by, and we helped them.
Uh, maybe we made a mistake.
ARUN:
No, that's not the point.
You can help somebody,
-but not take, like,
five minutes to help somebody.
-Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. If we get eliminated
after helping them, then, like,
we'll really regret this.
-You have the clue?
-Yup.
You see it? You saw it?
You have to get inside
the park.
It's right here. Straight ahead.
-You see it?
-I saw the thing.
-"Kilt or Rebuilt."
-Rebuilt.
Rebuilt. We're gonna do Rebuilt.
-All right. Rebuilt.
Let's do it.
-We're gonna do Rebuilt.
We're gonna do Rebuilt.
All right, let's do it.
-Me in the bag? Okay.
-Okay.
CARO:
And the beginning of this whole
leg was what was so stressful
'cause it felt so hopeless, but
I felt like when we got there,
we saw there was two clues left.
That gave us so much hope.
[bagpipes playing]
[Ray whoops]
That was lit, you know?
Okay. "Who thinks they have
this one in the bag?"
-I do.
-Okay.
I got it, I got it.
I got this, Caro. Come on.
Can you check?
I have never done anything
like this,
but I'm gonna do it today.
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
-Okay, perfect.
"Who thinks they have this one
in the bag?"
I got it.
I have this one in the bag.
-Okay, I got this.
-RAY: Yo.
Come on. Let's go.
Come on, Ak. You done
messed this whole thing up.
You can get it back.
[bagpipes playing]
[Caro playing note]
Let's go! Come on!
Come on!
-[playing note]
-Let's get it!
[whoops]
Finish strong.
Come on.
Okay, well done.
Congratulations.
-Aah, thank you!
-Let's go, let's go, let's go.
-Oh, my God. Okay.
-Good job. Good job.
Good job. Good job. Good job.
Let's get up out of here.
Can I get a check?
Can I get a check, please?
Let's go, Ak. You got it.
You got it, booby.
-No good.
-Okay.
ISAIAH:
I didn't have
the decorative cloth
over it.
It was just the naked bagpipe.
And then I finally
figured out, like,
"Oh, you have
to actually dress it."
I'm so clueless right now.
I feel frustrated.
We're still in it.
I feel like
I'm on the verge of tears.
Check.
Sir, can I get a check?
-Ready to go?
-Good.
Yeah. All right.
We're good. Okay.
Okay, awesome.
SHERI:
[sighs] Let's go, booby.
[bagpipes playing]
[playing discordant notes]
[playing note]
[man speaks indistinctly]
Let's go! Yeah!
TAYLOR:
Come on now!
[playing note]
[shouts]
-[man speaks indistinctly]
-Good, good?
-Oh, thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you.
-Let's go!
-Thank you. [whoops]
-Let's go, babe. Let's go.
-Let's go. Let's go.
-Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
It's absolutely frustrating.
NATALIA:
As we were driving down,
we turned right instead of left,
and so now we're headed back,
um, and going
the other, opposite way.
The other teams probably
might have made up some ground
'cause we did go
in the wrong direction.
T-Time to ask directions again.
-Up to you. You decide this one.
-Um,
-all right,
we're gonna do Rebuilt.
-Okay, let's go.
-You want to perform?
-Yeah, let's perform.
Let's perform.
Okay, let's do this.
KIM:
Okay, guys, can we come up here?
Oh, you guys are the best.
KIM:
Okay, they go first, remember?
♪
♪ Let the wind blow high,
let the wind blow low♪
♪ Through the streets,
in my kilt I'll go♪
♪ All the lassies shout hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
-♪
-Sing!
♪ Just got in
from the Isle of Skye♪
♪ I'm no very big
and I'm awfully shy♪
♪ The ladies shout
as I go by♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪ Let the wind blow high
and the wind blow low♪
♪ Down the street,
in my kilt I'll go♪
♪ All the ladies shout hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪ A lassie took me
to a ball...♪
Okay, so are we... are we...?
-I'm sorry. Are we holding?
-No. Now we have to...
No, but there was, like,
a measure hold there
-that we weren't practicing.
-That's...
I turned into a little bit
of a diva.
We did one take,
and then the guys
were like,
"No, that's no good." And
"You didn't tell me
about this four-bar measure
you had us leading into."
I sounded like
-Marsha Graham or something.
-Marsha Graham?
-Martha Graham?
-Martha Graham.
Well, I don't know who that is,
so I'm close.
We'll get our teacher
to teach us.
We got to get the kinks out.
Hey, is there an upside down
or right side up?
No, that's it. It'll fit over
the barrel. See how it's angled?
And my shoulder's
getting tired.
Anthony's just, uh,
taking a turn now.
And, uh, we should have
this first barrel done soon.
It's harder than it looks.
SPENCER:
There it goes.
So one's done.
We got another.
The second one's gonna be
way easier, right?
You hold, I'll pound.
"Detour: Kilt or Rebuilt."
Okay, let's do the other one.
'Cause you're not good
-at singing and dancing.
-Yeah. Yeah.
One down, one to go.
ANTHONY: Did you work your way
around this one mostly already?
-SPENCER: Yeah, it's done.
-It's done?
Yeah.
♪ The wind blow high
and the wind blow low♪
♪ Down the streets,
in my kilt I'll go♪
♪ All the ladies shout hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪ Donald, where's
your troosers?♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
KIM:
Did we get it?
PENN:
Yes!
-Good job. Ready?
-Okay.
"Drive to the University of
Glasgow and search for the..."
"Cloisters..."
"For Phil
at your next Pit Stop."
This is
the University of Glasgow,
the fourth oldest university
in the English-speaking world,
and now the Pit Stop
for this leg of the race.
"Warning. The last team
to check in will be eliminated."
Let's get the heck out of here.
All right. One.
We got it.
-DUSTY: Hell yeah, brother.
-RYAN: Thank you, sir.
Appreciate you.
-Thank you. Thank you very much.
-Thank you.
What do you think, boss man?
Ah, awesome.
-DUSTY: Yeah! [whooping]
-Yeah! Thank you, sir.
Yeah. Oh, look at that.
Give me some.
-Yeah.
"Drive yourself
to Fishers Cooperage."
Here it is. Barrels.
How you guys doing?
Is this the workshop?
-This is so
unbelievably stressful.
-Yes.
-Hi.
-Hey.
-CAYLA: I can't even do it.
-We chose a hard one.
I just want to see
if we can get one of these off.
If we can figure out...
He did it pretty effortlessly.
-Oh, it's coming off.
It's coming off.
-Yours is
-coming off?
-Mine's coming off.
Mine's coming off.
We're looking
for Fishers Cooper.
-Yeah.
-This one's done.
This one's done.
-All right.
Oh, there's a bunch
of teams here.
-That's one down.
-Oh, okay.
Oh, baby! [whoops]
I like
physical challenges,
but hammering was like, ooh!
CAYLA:
I'm super proud of us.
We're probably the only
all-girl team that did that.
-Yeah. No, it was...
-All for something that probably
looked like it was gonna be
mostly muscle.
[screams]
RAQUEL:
All right, there's one.
Oh, my God.
Do you think we can get this?
It's not even moving.
[accordion playing
"Donald Where's Your Troosers?"]
-Hello.
-Hi.
♪
-In here?
You want to switch detours?
-Want to switch?
-I don't think
we're gonna get this.
It's right there.
Okay, there's still one left.
-There's still one left.
-Oh.
"Detour: Kilt or Rebuilt."
-Kilt. We're gonna do Kilt.
-Kilt. We're doing Kilt.
-[ducks quacking]
-All right, we're gonna do Kilt.
-I think you can do the song
and dance, don't you think?
-Okay.
-What do you think?
-Let's go there.
-Switching?
-Yeah.
This is not what we expected,
and we are so...
Uh, we...
I-I'm so confused now.
So I just want to go out
and try to do the other one.
At least she... her strength
is dancing and singing. I...
I don't know.
I'll somehow manage.
-All right. Thank you.
-Here you go.
All right, thank you, sir.
-Britannia?
-Nat, we have to get directions.
[laughing]:
Oh, my God. Oh.
Well done, guys.
-Thank you so much.
Can we give you a hug?
-Want a hug?
-Thank you so much.
-Here you go.
AKBAR:
I'm not feeling good at all.
We in last,
we probably in super last, so,
I said, "Let's choose dance.
We're in Scotland.
Let's do as the Scottish do."
NATALIA:
Uh, we're gonna do
a song and dance,
and I have faith in my dad,
so I'm not losing hope.
I don't know how I'm going to,
but if I-I put my mind to it,
I know I can do it.
I'm confident we can do this.
This is absolutely
do-or-die situation.
Still not feeling
very good about
our decision because we still
haven't got there yet.
NATALIA: If we put our minds
to this, we can, like,
totally do that, and we don't
know what's happening
with maybe some other teams.
PENN:
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes!
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
[Penn mutters]
Oh, my gosh. Hi.
Welcome to Glasgow, Scotland.
You might have noticed
he's holding a hundred-pound
boulder on his shoulder.
A 100-pound boulder?
Yes. Well,
this man is a strong man.
Kim and Penn,
I am pleased to tell you
you are team number one.
Yes! [laughing] Yes!
And I have some great news
for you.
As the winners
of this leg of the race,
you have won a trip for two
from Travelocity,
and you are going to captivating
Cape Cod in Massachusetts.
-Yes! We love Cape Cod!
It's... it's...
it's like a muscle.
KEOGHAN:
You'll spend five nights
at Ocean Edge Resort
in a grand corner suite.
Enjoy golf at Brewster's
only Nicklaus Design course.
Play lawn games and relax
with a signature treatment
at The Beach House Spa.
Mwah.
-KIM: Lady Luck was
on our side today.
-PENN: Yeah.
NATALIA:
Oh, here it is. It's right here.
♪ Say hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪ Donald, where's
your troosers?♪
[song ends]
[laughing]
-Yay! Thank you.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-Thank you.
♪ Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah,
let the winds blow high♪
-♪ Let the wind blows high...♪
-♪ Let the winds blow high♪
-♪ Let the winds blow low...♪
-How...?
-It has to go that fast?
-Yeah, Dad. Yeah.
I really thought
we were in last place,
but the red team just got in.
So we have a chance,
so we got to go.
We're close.
We're gonna meet Phil.
Okay, it's over here.
Yeah, the music hall. Okay.
Hello.
WOMAN:
♪ 'Cause I didn't have on
my troosers.♪
-TAYLOR: Hello, everybody.
-So, there's another team, Dad.
-Hi guys.
-♪ 'Cause I didn't have
my troo... troosers.♪
♪ 'Cause I didn't♪
-♪ Have on my troosers.♪
-♪ Have my troo...♪
♪ Didn't have-have on
my troosers, troosers.♪ Okay.
I'm feeling good. We got here.
I always feel good
when we get here
and there's another team.
But we like to dance and sing,
so, hopefully,
we can get through it quickly.
TAYLOR:
We chose the Kilt detour
because it specifically says
something about learn the song
and then learn the dance.
-And we, um... we had a-a viral
wedding dance video.
-Mm-hmm.
♪
This is where
we kind of speed up
and make up some ground,
hopefully.
-Hey, what's up, Phil?
-Yeah, what's up, man?
KEOGHAN:
Here we are. Bring it in.
-Hey.
-What's up, buddies?
-What's up, guys?
-Scooch over.
-You guys look
as gross as us, man.
You guys smell like barrels.
Good old whiskey. Yeah.
Ryan and Dusty,
I am pleased to tell you
-you are team number two.
-We'll take it.
We'll take it.
Anthony and Spencer, that would
make your team number three.
-We'll take it.
-Yeah, boy. What a day, boy!
It's three and two,
and two and three.
Hell yeah, man.
Good stuff, boys.
♪ All the ladies say hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
I have to check points
of what you need to do,
so you both need to be joining
in in the-the choruses.
-Yeah. Were you not singing?
-Always.
-Just a... Yeah.
-Okay.
♪ A lady took me to the ball and
it was slip-pery in the hall♪
♪ I was afraid
that I would fall♪
♪ 'Cause I didn't have
on my troo...♪
Yeah. "It was slippery."
BOTH:
It was slippery.
AKBAR:
The biggest problem today
has been driving.
I thought I... I had
knew enough, and I didn't.
SHERI: A couple of times today,
I felt like,
"You know what?
It's just too much."
AKBAR:
But then you think
about the things that just
all kids in the world
are going through.
Like taking care of themselves,
they don't have meals,
or they have to navigate
in our area through gangs.
Like, they're not giving up.
They come there every day
to learn and to do that.
Why would I be their role model,
and I'm giving up? Like,
this is nothing compared to what
some of these children around
the world are going through.
Point six, you're gonna
turn left onto Marsh.
Point six.
Well, I am pleased to tell you
that you are team number four.
-[whoops] Oh, my God.
-Yes.
KEOGHAN:
Right?
Oh, look at that--
another team right there.
Oh, you guys.
-Oh, man. Oh, wow.
-Hey, good job. Aw.
Well, Caro and Ray,
I am pleased to tell you
that you are team number five!
Word? Yo, that's OD.
CARO:
We found a connection
between each other, and
now we just have to, like,
figure out
these little minor details
that will, you know,
make us more, like, in harmony.
[laughs]
I'm just learning so much
about him,
and that's a part
of being in a relationship.
[laughs] Hi.
KEOGHAN:
There we go.
Raquel and Cayla, I need to tell
you that you are team number...
-six.
-Okay. All right.
Oh, my God, that's amazing!
Here it is-- Britannia.
This here?
SHERI:
That's the arcade.
They said it's...
it's right here.
♪ And all the ladies
say hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪ Donald, where's
your troosers?♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
[song ends]
-Oh. Thank you so much.
-Oh, thank you.
-Thank you, thank you,
thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-Give me a high five.
-Good job.
-Thank you so much.
-Thank you.
I was supposed
to give off Beyoncé, huh?
And I wasn't.
I was doing Janet.
-♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
-NATALIA: Long day. Long day.
It was a super long day.
Sheri, we got to jump
ahead of them.
NATALIA:
Oh, yeah,
we feel a little bit nervous.
-Yeah. Hmm.
-I think
we're the final two teams, so...
♪ The ladies shout as I go by♪
SHERI AND AKBAR:
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
WOMAN:
Four parts.
AKBAR:
We love music,
all types of music, so now
it was like, "Let's go out there
so they got to see us do it."
And I knew we was more animated
and alive,
and that was gonna put
the pressure on them.
♪ A lady took me to a ball...♪
And I'm listening to them
mess up. I'm like, "Uh-oh."
So it was definitely
mind games.
We, like, Jedi mind-tricked them
a little bit.
Yeah. Almost there.
Lulu and Lala,
you are team number seven.
[screaming, laughing]
♪ Let the winds blow high,
let the winds blow low♪
♪ Down the street
in my kilt I go♪
♪ And all the ladies
say hello♪
♪ Donald, where's
your troosers?♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
-Yeah!
-Yes.
-[applause]
-Let's go.
-Thank you so much.
-Good job, guys.
-All right, y'all.
-Good job there. Good job.
-Good job.
-Thanks.
[Natalia sighs]
And we have to run to the car.
AKBAR:
We good, we good.
Come on, let's don't stop.
♪ Lady took me to a ball♪
♪ It was slippery on the floor♪
♪ I was afraid I would fall♪
♪ Because I didn't
have on my troosers.♪
-It was slippery
in the hall, right?
-Oh.
ARUN:
Worst nightmare--
singing and dancing.
NATALIA:
Dad, come on. I believe in you.
I can do it, but this is not...
I-I...
Dad, come on. I believe in you.
I don't know what.
Are you freaking kidding me?
Worst nightmare--
singing and dancing.
You got this. You got this.
We got this.
♪
♪ Just got in
from the Isle of Skye♪
♪ I'm not very big
and I'm awfully shy♪
♪ Ladies shout as I go by♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
-Can you help us out?
-We're lost.
We're trying to get
to the University of Glasgow.
♪ Lady took me to a ball and
it was slippery in the hall♪
♪ I was afraid I would fall♪
♪ 'Cause I didn't have on
my troosers♪
♪ Let the winds blow high,
let the winds blow low♪
♪ Down the street
in my kilt I go♪
♪ All the ladies say hello♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
♪ Donald, where's
your troosers?♪
♪ Donald,
where's your troosers?♪
-Yes.
-Yes!
Thank you so much. Thank you.
-MAN: Well done.
-[applause]
Thank you. Sorry, guys.
[sighs] Come on, Dad.
Taylor and Isaiah,
you are team number eight.
Oh, my God! Let's go!
KEOGHAN: Yeah. There are
two teams behind you.
BOTH:
Mwah.
SHERI:
There's a parking lot
right up there.
If you pull in there,
ask somebody
that's in the parking lot.
We're lost. We're trying to get
to University of Glasgow.
Yes.
We're trying to get
to University Avenue
-and the University of Glasgow.
-We're trying to get
to the University of Glasgow.
Yeah.
NATALIA:
Could we get some directions?
University of Glasgow?
ARUN:
I don't want
to get emotional about it,
-but I think I failed that.
-No. Are you kidding?
You just did
that entire challenge.
I'm so proud of you.
Like, Dad, no. You did it!
-Dad, seriously.
-[mumbles]
Dad, seriously,
I'm so proud of you.
I couldn't be more prouder
to have you as a dad.
-It's okay.
-No, I'm serious.
It's okay.
Let's concentrate now.
Dad, you didn't fail me.
If you can just, uh...
Oh, wow.
-SHERI: I think that was it, Ak.
-It wasn't M8.
This looks like a parking lot.
[both laugh]
-Excuse me.
We need some directions.
We're trying to get
to the university.
Could we...?
We're trying to get to the...
Um, if you go left here
and straight up,
-you get to the university.
-That's it?
-University Avenue?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
The third or fourth right
would be Kingston, correct?
NATALIA:
Yup. I just want
to get through this point.
Come on, come on, come on.
Hmm.
Please, please,
please, please, please.
-KEOGHAN: Oh, what a night.
-Phil.
I thought you was gonna have
to come look for us, Phil.
-Right?
-You did good.
-Yeah.
-You got any energy left?
-You did good.
-No, we got energy, Phil.
-Don't worry about it.
Well, you'll need the energy
'cause you're not last.
You are team number nine.
[sighs, laughs]
You got me crying
for nothing, Phil.
I-I didn't get you crying
for nothing.
We want to get you fired up.
The question I have is,
can you figure out
how to stay in this race?
We have to, Phil.
This leg was the hardest thing
I've ever done in my life,
and I've done some things.
I think it was important for us
to push through
because we're always telling
our kids to never give up.
Like, how dare I get up here
in-in front of everyone
and give up?
So that was...
never crossed our mind.
We was get... we was gonna
get here, rain, sleet or snow.
At least we're still racing.
Let's go.
-Been a long night.
-Yes.
Unfortunately, you are
the last team to arrive,
and you have been eliminated
from the race.
Ah. Sucks. Disappointing.
We finished in the top three
yesterday,
and we could have... we could
have done well, but I...
-That's okay.
-Dad. Dad, you did amazing.
I am so happy
that I did this with...
And she's getting married soon.
And this-this is
the best experience
any father
could have hoped for.
NATALIA:
Just spending this time
with my dad and
experiencing all
these new things, like,
just being competitive
and goofy with him--
uh, it's just been great.
We'll never forget this.
We can notforget this.
This is one of the best things
we have done in our lives.
How many people can say
they've done...
been on The Amazing Race?
-Appreciate you being
on the race.
-Sure. Any time.
-Look after each other.
I'm sure you will.
-Yes, we will.
-What's going on?
-This is serious.
KEOGHAN:
Welcome back
to the Cloisters, everybody.
I've gathered you all back here
because I have a very important
announcement to make.
The Amazing Racehas traveled
over a million miles
around the world,
visited almost a hundred
countries, and from day one
our number one priority
has been
to make sure
that all of you are safe.
Right now the world is dealing
with the coronavirus,
and in order to keep you safe,
we believe the best choice
for all of us is
to suspend the race.
In an ideal world,
the planets will align
and we will pick this race
back up again
and hopefully have all of you
starting the race again.
We understand the sacrifices
that all of you have made.
I know
to have you all come back
and start back on this race
again would be challenging.
CAYLA:
I think what's amazing
about, like, traveling the world
is we meet so many people,
and I think we've very quickly
become a family
that we didn't even know
that we needed,
um, in such a short amount
of time.
So, I want to kick
all y'all's butts later, but...
you're still my family.
[laughs]
Nobody ever on
The Amazing Race
has ever had an opportunity
to come on the race
and then go and regroup
and come back better and faster
than you were
in the beginning.
You guys are one-of-a-kind, and
we want to see you get home safe
to your families.
Thank you very much.
Yay.
[whooping]
All right!
Welcome back to
The Amazing Race.
-[cheering]
-So, before we were interrupted,
the world was waiting for you,
and I am pleased to tell you
-that the world is waiting
for you once again.
-[whooping]
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
KEOGHAN: Next time
onThe Amazing Race...
You will notice that there are
some teams missing
in the lineup,
so we have a few familiar faces
taking their place.
Wow.
Is everybody ready
to restart this race?
-Yes.
-[whoops]
Travel safe. Go!
[whooping]